the financial system is at the point of
no return and the only way to Kick the
Can down the road will be to devalue
your currency and they're about to do
just that you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you in today's
video I'm going to explain what's been
happening recently and show you that the
only way out of this mess is to devalue
is to hurt the Savor and actually try to
punish people for being prudent well in
today's video I'm going to explain All
For You beginning with this Wall Street
Titans like Jamie demon David Solomon
and Jeffrey golock are worried about a
recession and warn investors on being
too complacent well you got to think
about this for a second of what's been
happening I mean you've been seeing it
all of these stocks going crazy and it's
usually the time in which they say we
are at a permanently High Plateau yes
that's right certainly uh seems like it
doesn't it and then some turns around
well how exactly can you fix a crisis
that's
fundamental well you really can't a hard
Landing recession is guaranteed in the
future after the full impact of Fed rate
hikes hit the economy that's according
to Morgan Stanley what about this world
economy has growing chance of a soft
Landing according to the G20 okay no
problem don't worry or is it a problem
oh okay I guess it depends on who you
ask wall Street's favorite recession
gauge has been flashing for 16 months
but the other key ingredient of a
downturn is nowhere to be seen uh okay
okay so we're getting a mixed bag here
yes it's really bad it's going to be
terrible actually it's going to be a
soft Landing a way to Second this one is
totally mixed what is it what is the
answer well let's look at this fact the
US national debt is Rising by $1
trillion every hundred days 100 days
past
another trillion dollar is added to the
debt let me explain something to you
they are not going to resolve the debt
they're not going to make it go away
there's not going to be surpluses and in
the end you're actually going to get
less so if you look 5 years out from now
10 years out from Now understand
inflation is going to have devalued your
currency even more the debt is likely to
be much higher than where we are today
so position yourself appropriately this
is the thing people are like well you
know what I'm just going to hope that
this guy gets voted in or that guy gets
voted in so that this problem can be
resolved it has never been resolved and
it never will be resolved because the
system itself is actually based on debt
you know the whole thing you want to
create money they pull it up out of thin
air as debt so you can't pay that back
there is going to be more debt and we
have an interest associated with all
this debt so that interest gets paid
before you get anything before your
roads and bridges and everything else
they're paying the interest on this debt
they're doing it all intentionally
there's really no reason for any of this
this to happen until you start to
picture the possibility that maybe this
entire system was built to be against
the little
guy and who does it favor who stands to
gain
hono ah now we start to pull out that
threat do you want to go down that hole
that that road the rabbit
hole maybe maybe I'll do a video about
that very
soon might as well monetary policy is
taking longer than normal to bite and
eventually it will threatening growth
all right though the ineffectiveness of
rate increases so far as obvious far
from reducing demand the economy grew
faster as rates Rose further much of
that was just luck but the risk is that
the impact of rates on the economy
hasn't been abolished merely delayed we
don't know all right but what the
expectation is is that we've gone real
tight all right supposedly and yet
that's not even that hasn't really done
anything it
hasn't caused the problem really we we
lost you know svb we lost signature we
almost lost credit sweet in this case
here yeah okay certainly but the
financial system as a whole the consumer
they're just doing their own thing
they're getting into more debt they're
punishing themselves long term like in
that respect you know it's not that
different status
quo but what do you do about all of this
what about that $1.7 trillion of student
debt what about the over $1 trillion of
credit card debt at 20% plus interest
all of these things need to be paid back
with inflated dollars this is what
they're doing actively every single day
but there will be a new round of
quantitative easing that will make the
previous look like nothing within 10
years interest and Medicare will each
cost $1.6 trillion a year that's I mean
I say only 10 years think about it 10
years ago I remember doing videos Right
Here and Now time has passed so just
think about the $ 1.6 trillion a year
crazy each of them there's no way to pay
that back how much of your check how
much of your pay are you willing to give
up before you say I can't do it anymore
I can't the energy is too expensive the
food is too expensive your quality of
life is set to decline Dy drastically
and I'm just I don't shoot the messenger
I'm here to bring you this information
if you appreciate that hit the thumbs up
button when you do so you're basically
signaling that yeah I agree with this
guy you don't have to like it okay it
doesn't have to be a a thumbs up I wish
they had a different reaction not
necessarily thumbs up like like you
enjoy that but I'm trying to bring you
this information as truthfully as I
possibly can this is the scenario they
will be cutting services to you at the
same time the price of those services
will be more expensive than ever oh but
it's quote unquote
free no of course it's not nothing is
free if you learned anything in life
it's that nothing is free
nothing and then we have some
people that are clearly concerned about
something and you can give me your
opinion on this you've seen it before
with the bunkers I've got to show you
something that's crazy okay I had this
idea myself I thought this would be the
most extreme idea but somebody actually
did it so this first Mark Zuckerberg
among the millionaires
doomsday uh prepping by hoarding gold as
uh the election to sell out just spark
the end of times Fierce uh they're
basically just saying hey they're buying
gold I I know Mark Zuckerberg is not a
millionaire but um they're just saying
hey they're buying gold they're doing
all these things prepping with the
bunkers all that stuff right you
probably seen that okay I want to know
what you think by the way but look at
this I've never seen anything like this
but I did have this idea and I thought
it would be so crazy and somebody did it
okay can you see that that is a moat
around the property with a flammable
liquid so that that flammable Li so they
dug that that trench 30t deep around the
property and then at the very top so the
they put a flammable liquid
all right with a drawbridge old school
all right so then that flammable liquid
is uh lighter than the water so it can
it'll just sit on top it light that
whole thing on water pull the drawbridge
up and apparently you're safe and if
somebody wants to fly over the property
comes with a water cannon so you can
actually apparently has a strength to
take down a helicopter okay now this is
some seriously extreme stuff I just
thought it was interesting the bring to
you wow now that would be I mean you
would hope that you would never need to
use that maybe if uh somebody's coming
to your property to sell sell something
uh excuse me and you just say uh oh
gotta go light it up all right enough
fun for today you can see I'm just
trying to lighten the mood a little bit
this is a scenario what do we got right
now very quickly we've got lowering
standards of living coming debt will be
and is already too high it will get
higher okay the services that you have
today will likely not be available to
you in the future cutting cutting
cutting I'm seeing it myself where I am
where hey wait a minute they used to
include that now they don't anymore
we're seeing it in the private sector
we're seeing it of course in the public
too the government and businesses both
of them are cutting cutting cutting
everything seems to be getting cut and
what used to be something that was like
you know of course that would be
included is now a luxury some basic
things so things are really changing
rapidly and we need to be front and
center with all of this we need to
understand it and I hope that you will
get into the front lines of this with me
two things Finance Friday but for this
video here to be able to escape the rat
race to be able to actually be
geographically diverse unlike anything
else you got to understand the Sunday
live business live this is where I teach
people how to build an online business
and then expand out into different
Avenues from there unlike anything that
exists I know this because I have my
hand in all these different things okay
I'm part of these different groups I
know what's going on and I'm able to
provide people with
information that you just can't get
elsewhere okay I know I've taken so many
countless courses trying to just suck in
all that information I'm call constantly
learning more each and every day and
then I bring that to you business live I
hope to see you there Link in the
description hit that thumbs up button on
the way out don't forget that and
absolutely positively come back tomorrow
so you can get the information you need
to know take care